# Feedback

Hey Charlie here, feel free to message me on Slack if you want any clarification on the points below. I will give you both positive and constructive feedback on your project.

---

## Requirements

- Should be built in React - DONE
- Each component should manage is own state - DONE
- The components should be generated using `.map()` - DONE
- At least an employee component - DONE
- Pass data into them via props - ALMOST DONE _(see notes below)_
- Don't leave it blank - DONE _(for desktop ;))_

---

## The App

### Positive

- The app looks good on a large desktop.
- I am able to increment each employee's tickets, Great!
- The counter will not go below 0, Good catch!
- I like the color pallet, it is good to see you have a `_variables.scss` to store them in.
- You are displaying all of the employee's, Brilliant!

### Constructive

- You need to work on the smaller device styles, it is responsive to a certain degree.
  - When it goes below a certain width the tickets get squished which you will need to resolve.
  - There is a slight side scroll wiggle, you will want to address
- I would swap the increment and decrement buttons, seems weird to increment of the left?
- You have the autogenerated readme from create-react-app, replace it with a little spiel to introduce the project, it doesn't have to be much.
  - What was the brief?
  - Who worked on it?
  - Once we have it hosted, a link to the live site

---

## The Code

### Positive

- I can see both commits from both of you, it is great you worked on it collaboratively.
  - Try and give your commits more meaningful names, What did you do? rather then day2 etc..
- The code looks good, in terms of what we have learned you have managed to apply all of it.
  - You have managed to import and export components. Nice!
  - You have imported the data and used props to get it to where it is needed!
  - You are mapping over the data and creating JSX. Sweet!
  - You have introduced State and ways to interact with it. Awesome!
- I like the name `<EmployeeCards>` it is descriptive of the component. By this I mean without having to look at the code I know it holds multiple employees. This helps when you have hundreds of components.

### Constructive

- You have a lot of commented out code, if it is not adding any value remove it. Comments / Notes are fine, code you are not using isn't.
- Similary you have a lot of `console.log()` left. They are great to understand the code but you can not leave them in. You will need to remove them all.
- You only use `{}` when you are adding in javascript to your JSX, you if you are writing text you do not need to put it in them as a string. See below.

```jsx
// EmployeeCard.jsx

// LINES 12 - 18
<p>{"Name: "}{employee.name}</p>
<p>{"Role: "}{employee.role}</p>

// SHOULD BE
<p>Name: {employee.name}</p>
<p>Role: {employee.role}</p>
```

- When you do `.map()` you are not giving each item a key prop. If you open the console you will get the error below. Once you add the key prop it will go.

```
react-jsx-dev-runtime.development.js:97 Warning: Each child in a list should have a unique "key" prop.

Check the render method of `Employee`. See https://reactjs.org/link/warning-keys for more information.
    at div
    at Employee (http://localhost:3000/static/js/bundle.js:257:5)
    at div
    at div
    at App
```

- As I said earlier I like that you created `<EmployeeCards>` I think you could go one step further and create an `<Employee>` component. This would make it more reusable. Perhaps we only want to see one in the future?

```jsx
// Employee.jsx

const Employee = ({ name, role }) => {
  return (
    <div className="EmployeeCard">
      <p>Name: {name}</p>
      <p>Role: {role}</p>
      <TicketCounter />
    </div>
  );
};
```

- Then you will be able to map over and create multiple `<Employee>` components in your `<EmployeeCards>` component.

```jsx
const employeeCardsJSX = employeesArr.map(employee => (
  <Employee key={"employee" + employee.id} name={employee.name} role={employee.role} count={employee.count} />
));
```

- When you change state you cause the component to refresh / reload. Generally you don't want to cause any unnecessary refresh's. Below if it is 0 you are setting it to 0.

```jsx
// TicketCounter.jsx

const handleDecrement = () => {
  if (counter === 0) {
    setCounter(0);
  } else {
    setCounter(counter - 1);
  }
};

// COULD BE

const handleDecrement = () => {
  // IF IT IS NOT 0 THEN I WANT TO DECREMENT
  if () {
    setCounter(counter - 1);
  }
  // DO NOTHING OTHERWISE -> DON'T DECREMENT
};

```

- I am a big fan of `B.E.M` especially when it comes to React. Personally I prefer it rather then using the mix of `PascalCasing` and `camelCasing` you are using e.g. `EmployeeCard`, `counterContent`. The point I am making is you want to be consistent so choose one and use it through out.

- With `B.E.M` it could look like below.

```jsx
// TicketCounter.jsx
return (
  <div className="ticket-counter">
    <div className="ticket-counter__content">
      <h6 className="ticket-counter__title">Counter</h6>
      <p className="ticket-counter__text">{counter}</p>
      <div className="ticket-counter__buttons">
        <button onClick={handleIncrement}>+</button>
        <button onClick={handleDecrement}>-</button>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
);
```

```scss
// TicketCounter.scss
@use "../../assets/sass/variables" as *;
.ticket-counter {
  background-color: $color-pink;
  border: 2px solid $color-black;
  height: 10rem;
  width: 8rem;
  padding: 5px;
  margin: 3em;

  &__content {
    display: block;
  }

  &__title {
    text-align: center;
  }

  &__text {
    text-align: center;
  }

  &__button {
    cursor: pointer;
    display: flex;
    justify-content: space-between;
  }
}
```

---
